‘kay. i see a, a family and their kitchen. mom is doing the dishes with her, her sink is overflowing, she, let the water run. the little boy is on top of a stool which is tipping, he’s trying to get into the cookie jar, looks like he might have a little accident. and sister is waiting to get a cookie. outside i can see their garden and, either part of another house or their house, and there’s trees and bushes. and there are, some dishes on the counter. let’s see there’s, cabinets and curtains and. wish that little kid would get down from the stool. and mama’s wearing an apron over her dress and wearing, shoes and the children have shoes, and socks and little girl’s wearing a skirtalright. a family is outside their what maybe be their home. looks like a home on either the lake, yeah lake and. there is a little boy flying a kite, his dog is chasing him. looks like mom and dad are setting up a picnic, and dad is reading a book, mom is pouring some sort of beverage into a cup. someone is on the dock, fishing, and he’s caught a fish. little girl to the, my, my right of the boy, appears to be making a sandcastle with her, toys. there’s a sailboat on the lake. let’s see. in the background there’s a house with a car on the driveway. and, there’s a tree and shrubs in front of the house. can see a couple windows and a door and a garage door and roof, let’s see. back with the, mom and dad on the, picnic blanket, he’s got his, relaxing with his sandals off, and she’s got a, cd player, perhaps listening to the radio or, cd. let’s see. that’s about all I can remark on.oh, alright, we are at the circus. there are, there’s the, ring with the lion and the lion tamer. and in the ring on, ring on the right, there’s, the, the horse and the, the acrobat on top of the horse. there’s a, high wire with a, acrobat on the, or trapeze artist, not trapeze but just a, walking on the wire. several, people watching the circus, there’s boys and girls and, parents. and there’s a clown in the middle, and looks like he’s, either throwing or spilling some kind of, treat, popcorn maybe. and let’s see. the crown, clown is wearing a hat with a flower and, he’s got his clown make up and a smiley face, and has a, cow, collar and striped pants. the, lion tamer’s wearing a top hat with, tails and black pants with a cummerbund. and let’s see the, acrobat on the horse is wearing a tutu, and a ballet, balletic type costume. let’s see, there’s stars around the, horse, the ring with the horse. and there are stripes around the, ring with the lion tamer. and there’s