okay i see a sail boat with some people in it out in the middle of the lake. there’s a girl sitting beside the lake building a sandcastle, she has a shovel and a bucket. there’s a boy dressed in shorts flying a kite, he’s got his the ball of string in his hand hooked to his kite which has a fluffy tail on it and there’s a dog running along beside him. there’s a man on a pier fishin’. He’s already caught a fish on his line and bringing it in. there’s a house with a car in front, and a big tree, it has windows and shrubbery, there’s a flagpole with a flag on it. and in the forefront of the picture there’s a man and a woman sittin’ on a blanket havin’ a picnic. they have a radio, listening to the music. she well he doesn’t have his shoes on they are sitting on the they’re sitting beside him on the blanket. he’s got his legs crossed reading a book. has a pair of glasses. lady has her hair pulled back in a ponytail and she’s pourin’ a drink in a cup over the picnic basket. okay that’s about that’s about it.okay i see a lion. i see a lion. i see a tightrope walker. i see a horse. a clown.  some children and their parents. ring master. let’s see and the lady riding the horse. and a ring with some stars on it. looks like popcorn and a bucket of water or something, i’m not sure what he’s throwing at the child. the tie on the clown has flowers on it. okay. some clouds in the sky. okay. that’s that’s all I got to say.okay I see a boy and a girl. the boy’s on a ladder, well on a stool and it’s turning over, he’s gonna fall and get hurt but he’s gonna get a cookie out of the cookie jar which is in the cabinet. his mother is not payin’ attention to the kids, she’s tryin’ to wash dishes, the sink is overflowin’, she’s standin’ in the water. there’s some dishes on the counter to be washed I presume. there’s a side walk. there’s a window to look out with curtains. a sidewalk.  there bushes out there in the yard, some grass. let’s  see. the boy has on shorts and the girl has on a skirt. that’s about. the mother has on an apron, a drying cloth in her hand or dish cloth so. it’s a little disaster area.