oh. mother is doin’ the dishes, the sink’s overflowed, and the little boy’s on a stool going in the cabinet jar to get cookies and he is about to fall over. and the little girl is reaching for the cookie, i don’t know if she’s gonna get it or not. and what is mother gonna do, she better call a plumber. looks like she’s got a problem there. oh my this could be disastrous. she’ll never dry that dish. because if that little boy falls it could be bad. his head could hit that counter, or the floor and i bet it’s hard hard floor. oh they’ve been in another cabinet too, cabinet’s door is open, maybe that’s where mama puts the plates. Maybe that’s not the cookie cab, and the snack cabinet. goodness. looks like they’ve almost got snow out there on the ground. the bushes just look like they’re covered with snow. but the window looks like it’s up. oh my mother’s standin’ in water now. that’s not good. they gon’ have all kinds of accidents in that kitchen. it looks like.oh, picnic. a guy is reading on the book. and the lady is pourin’ a glass of wine. they have their radio on. and it looks like it’s just a lake or pond, someone’s fishin’, little boy playin’ with a kite and runnin’ and his dog’s runnin’ with him, and little girl over on the beach sand buildin’ a, castle. there’s a sailboat out in the pond. with it appears two people in the sail boat. oh it is windy day because the flag is flying out. yes. but there’s a house across the street from this place. so I don’t know, this must be, a private pond or their place. ‘cause a house shouldn’t be in a public pond or lake or recreation area, so that’s very interesting. that’s a pretty house. that’s a big tree, that tree is probably pretty old, to be that big. looks like they’ve got a little, christmas trees, beside the front door, i bet they put lights on it at christmas and decorate it. and i just wonder about that car sittin’ in the front, driveway, i bet it can’t go in the garage because the garage is full of stuff.that is a circus. and there is a tiger, doing his tricks with his person that trained him probably. someone’s on a tightrope. horse. and there’s some, like clown, and some small children. and there is, another parent with a little girl that is lookin’ at i guess the clown. the clown is throwin’ something  on the, little boy. i don’t know what it would be, but he seems to be shieldin’ himself from it. that’s all i can, notice.