LM204PDcircus (0:19 – 2:22)
well this is a, looks like a circus venue. we have right in the front a clown who is, passing out popcorn by his through his bucket, probably ejecting it out of the bucket. behind him we have a lion sitting on a large round object with a lion tamer, and they’re in a cage, as it were. in front, next to the clown, who’s in front of the lion, we have a gentleman and his daughter, the daughter is pointing to the clown, to and that would be to the left of the picture but  the right of the clown. to the left of the clown, in the right of the picture is a mom, carrying a young child that looks like a girl with a ponytail, and her brother who is got his hands up grabbing the popcorn that’s coming out of the bucket. behind them and off to the right of the cage with the lion in it is a round circle and there is a horse in it, with a lot of stuff on the horse and a thing coming off his head like a, like a, i wanna say feathers or something. and on him is a young lady who looks like a ballerina with a fluflu on and she’s got her arms stretched out straight and her knees bent riding the horse, who’s prancing with his tail up. and there’s a, one two three four five six people, five or six people sitting, on a bench on the far side of the the ring, that they’re going around with the the lady on the horse. and it looks like it’s a family in descending order. and they’re in black so you don’t see any faces. and above all of the is a gentleman who is a, tightrope walker.
LM204PDcookietheft (2:38 – 3:45)
this is a, wow, kitchen scene. you have mom standing at the kitchen sink in front of a very large window with curtains, wiping some dishes and the sink is running over apparently she has not looked to notice that there’s water all over the floor. and it’s just cascading out of the sink so I don’t know why she can’t see that. behind her it, two children, one up on a three legged stool, the young boy, who’s taking cookies out of the cookie jar which is on the top shelf of the top cupboards. and, the stool is on two legs so it’s teetering, he’s going to fall. next to him is his sister who’s got her hand up waiting for the cookies to be handed down. it’s, outside the window it looks a picture of the outside of their house. you see, let’s say the garage and a sidewalk and, some grass, and that’s that.
LM204PDpicnic (3:56 – 5:39)
we have a family on a picnic, and it looks like they’re at a lake and maybe they it’s a cottage that they own, I don’t know, across the little driveway from a lake. and on the lake, the family is sitting on a, let’s say a long rug or a big beach towel and mom is pouring something into a glass, now it looks like a wine bottle but i don’t know about that. and the dad is, and she’s got the picnic basket under the wine, or the glass and the bottle that she’s pouring from. dad is sitting on the other side of the basket and he’s reading a book, he’s got glasses on. his shoes are off to the side. to the side of mom is a a radio that they’re playing. Behind them but, and close to the water is a young boy who’s got a, a kite, and he’s running with the kite up in the air and his dog is chasing him. next to him is actually, it looks like, some sand. and it looks like there’s a young girl who is making, she’s got a bucket full of sand and she’s making a sandcastle. and she’s got a little shovel, got a ponytail, got her bathing suit on i think. and then just up a ways from her is a dock and there’s a fisherman on the dock with a fish on the end of the line. and out on the pond or the lake is a sailboat with two people in it. and there are trees in the background, and it’s just a really nice idyllic scene. the end.
