LM202PDcircus (0:19 – 1:44)
okay, there is a man in a cage with a lion and he seems to be training the lion or taming the lion i guess. in the foreground there’s a clown and he is throwing things out of a bucket, to three people which is a mother and two kids. she’s holding the younger child, which looks like a girl and the older child’s a boy. there’s another couple in the foreground, maybe african american, a father and daughter and they’re pointing, the girl is pointing at the clown. in the background we have a woman performing on horseback. she is wearing some sort of tutu and she seems to be kneeling on the back of the horse. there is an audience of five people watching her. we can’t see them very well because they’re in shadow. overhead we have a tightrope walker and he is dressed in all black and he is carrying a balancing bar, i don’t know what you call that. back to the lion in the cage the lion tamer’s wearing, a dress coat with tails and a top hat. and there seems to be some trees in the background and the terrain slopes from the right to the left.
LM202PDcookietheft (2:02 – 3:32)
alright, this is a picture i’ve seen before. at the kitchen sink is mom. mom is drying a plate. while she’s doing that she seems to be oblivious to the sink, which is overflowing onto the floor, even where she’s standing. out the window you can see what looks like maybe a driveway or a walkway and another part of the house. also on the counter we have a plate and maybe two coffee cups. in the background further away in the kitchen, are the two kids. the boy is standing on a stool trying to reach the cookies in the cookie jar up in the cupboard. what he doesn’t realize, or i guess his mistake was that he’s losing his balance and the stool is falling over to the right. his sister is, on the floor, standing on the floor. she’s reaching up to get the cookie from her brother and she seems like maybe she’s laughing at her brother also. in the window we also have some curtains. mom seems to be wearing a half apron over her dress. it must be warm weather because the brother and sister, the boy’s wearing shorts and a short sleeve shirt and his sister has a short dress on. And that’s all I can see.
LM202PDpicnic (3:42 – 5:18)
okay, this is, a couple having a picnic, and there’s a lot going on. they’re, beside the lake. on the lake we have a sail boat. the sail boat has the number four seven zero on the sails. there’s two people on the boat. there’s also a small pier, going out into the water and on the pier is a man fishing, in fact he’s catching a fish, and he’s wearing one of those safari hats. on the beach of the lake is a girl who’s making a sand castle. she also has a shovel and a pail. we also have a boy flying a kite, running by with his dog. and, there’s a house by the lake also, there’s one car in the driveway. they also have a flagpole, with a flag flapping in the wind. back to our picnic, we have a couple. she seems to be pouring a beverage, the bottle looks like a wine bottle but it looks like a drinking glass not a wine glass. They have, a small, boom box so they’re probably listening to music. the man has taken his sandals off and he’s sitting on the blanket and reading a book. and they also have a picnic basket. and that’s about all i see.
