Here we are at the zoo. Excuse me, at the carnival. As bozo the clown, as the tightrope walker, the lady on the horse, the spectators, and a merry go round, or the lion tamer. And, the little girl is watching bozo, and the little boy is pushing something. Looks to me like everybody is having a good time. Bozo, Bozo is flipping on something, I cant tell what that is, looks to me like maybe he's throwing them some pepper mints. And the little girl in the mother's arms, she is waiting to get some herself. Looks to me like just a typical circus type selling, setting. I can’t tell whether that’s under the big top or not. The, the lion, he’s performing real well for the, the tamer. You ready for the next type. Gosh it's that same scene that we looked at. Looks to me like everybody is at the beach. Don’t understand why the house is in the picture, but. The son is playing with his kite again. The dog is chasing the son, the mother looks like she's having a glass of wine, and the father is reading his favorite book, with the radio blasting. The sailboat is out on the high sea, looks like a couple of people are having a good time, on the sailboat. And the little girl is playing with the sandbox, with the sand dunes. And the father, the grandfather is out fishing, on the, on the pier. Looks like the couple is getting ready to enjoy a picnic lunch, and she brought a set of sandals so she can walk in the, in the sand. No that’s the father's now. He looks like the mysterious one. The car is still in the driveway. I suppose someone must live in it. The flag is flying at full mast. And the daughter is, is busy building a sand dune, castle. It looks like the fish are biting. I’m not sure who’s gonna wind up that glass of wine, but looks like she’s Boy this one. We, we got a picture this time. Okay, I see someone in the, with his hand in the cookie jar, and someone waiting for a cookie. The mother is washing the dishes, and splashing water all over the floor. Stool is about to slip out from underneath the son. Looks like there’s gonna be a big job cleaning up. Looks like they has, has a nice set of cabinets, very well kept, except for the water running over the sink. And looks like the little girl is trying to tell her brother to hurry up with those cookies. And he’s got his hand in the cookie jar, and one, and handing her one too. Did I mention that stool looks like it's just about to fall in, and he’s gonna fall with it? 