We have a, it's not a dark this time, so it looks like it's been done by a different artist. A young man is kite flying. And there's a sail boat on the lake. And somebody's fishing, caught a fish too. how about that? You got a girl playing, on a, in a, in a sandy beach building, a sand castle. You got a, you got a pouring pop into a glass at a picnic area down here. The radio's going, I bet it's doing some, some, of some, some common songs. And we have the young man reading a book, I guess he's telling a story to the girl. He's got his shoes off too, he took his sandals off. and, and, it must be their, their own yard, because he's parked outside of a garage. and it's a nice little bungalo. And got a flag flying in, in the, in the side yard. And looks like a shingled roof, not a tin roof. And looks likes a well kept garden, with landscaping around the house. The guy fishing is out on a pier, they must have been there for a little while and, and adapted it to their own use. And he's got a ranger hat on, i wonder if he's a ranger. And he's got some kind of, of vest on, probably got all his flies and fishing tack all in that vest. And what is that? I don't, I can't tell the model of the car from this picture, but it's fairly modern. And the guy's got long pants on, so he's probably, he might be a doll snart.ooo another pencil job, ok. We are looking at a merry-go, at a tiger in the cage, and at a bare back rider, and a tight rope walker. boy those are all, must be a circus in town. Well there's a clown flipping out popcorn all over the place. And a young lady with a, with a printed blouse on, and she is carrying a younger lady, and her son is along side of her. And the, the man in the cage is wearing a top hat, and coat, and tails, so he's really formal. And the, the the, horse is in a, looks like a ring that may be sand, sand coated, and it's got a fancy, I guess that's a harness on it. And the horse's mane is all dolled up, with a, with some tossles, tassels. And it's got a, a, what do you call that thing on it's head? I dont know what it is, but it's some kind of decoration. And there are a one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, and five is twelve, thirteen persons on that, in the picture. And the, the, the lion is up on the pedestal, and he looks like he is very dossal. Probably not  very dangerous at all, he may even have his teeth removed, probably does. And, I just heard about a young lady that had a lion attack her, and it killed her. Mauled her, she was in the zoo. But this picture, that's not this picture. But the, the, looks like a feller oh kitchen. I see people getting into a cookie jar, with a jewel kind of trippin over, and a sink is over. That lady is in trouble, boy o boy, and the girl is giggling because her brother is on trouble. And the lady's walking in a puddle of water, she better get a mop. And, and I see some dishes on the side, and I don't know whether they are clean or dirty, but they're probably clean. And I see a kitchen counter that's a little cluttered, but not bad. And the curtains are nice, and the cookie jar is full, but not, but going empty. ok and it looks like he's already got one cookie and heading for another, his sister's reaching for the cookie too. How about that? It looks like it's probably chocolate chip. I see little specks, they all say chocolate chip Im sure. Well the girl has a day dress, what you call that? day-dr, I dont know, I dont know girls clothing. But she's got, looks like she's got leggings on of some kind, no that's the bottoms, the top's the socks, not the bottoms the bleggings. And loafers with kind of, kind of a bow on them. And he's got, kind of looks like boots, but wearing shorts and a, and a, a collared shirt. I cant tell whether it got pockets or not, but he's got, he's had a hair cut not too far in the past.