this looks like a circus. See a lion, a high wire act, a clown, a guy in a cage, in with the lion, and looks like some two girls and a boy down there reaching, for whatever the clown has. And then you have someone riding a horse over here doing some kind of a trick. And then I see other people in silhouette, can’t really see them. And that looks like I guess a pool. With stars on the side of the pool. I said the high wire act, right? I guess that would be the ring master or lion tamer, or whatever you call these folks. Ok, I think that's it. I mention all these people down here just handing for something, whatever the clown has there. You see anything else? I think that's it. Ok a guy just did this over the grand canyon, high wire. Couldnt evenAll right. Ah well. There's a kitchen here. Boy's about to fall, taking things out of the cabinet. Looks like water's running over. And the sink looks like a nineteen fifties type of thing. Ok what's happening on the outside that window? can’t really tell. Ok. Somehow looks like a face out there. And there seems to be a bowl and plates on the counter over here with them, where the lady is standing. Ok. a girl over here, I guess she's reaching for whatever the boy's trying to pull out of the cabinet. That's not really a face on the window, is it? Just my eye's jacked up that bad I guess. Ok, I did say the sink is running over. He's trying get a cookie there, that says cookie jar, ok. Alright, I think I've said everything I see here, nothing else really stands out. Look like one of those mother knows best. You were too young to know that. I think that was the seventies kind of show. You weren’t born yet. Not even planned yet I don’t think ok. Two people are having a picnic. he's reading, she's pouring something, look like sandwiches there. And another kid flying a kite. Someone else over here making, a dog running with the guy flying the kite. I don't know what she's making over there. Ok. I can, a sailboat, looks like a sail boat in this picture. Guy back here fishing. They got all this by their house. A car in the driveway. Ok sandals on the, on the towel there, as well as a radio. He's ignoring her, of course, cause he's pretending to be reading. A flag flying. I did say old dude fishing, right? I guess she just playing in the dirt, looks like she got a shovel and a pale. I miss anything? no, there's a lot of stuff. And there's a four seventy on the sail, I think that's what it says, four seventy. Ok, now what is this supposed to be testing? my scanning ability or what. Ok that's all. I don’t see anything else that really stands out. Well that's supposed to be a 