that's a, a families are at the circus. There's, there's a clown. There's a, there's a lion tamer. And also a, a, a, a, a, a woman in, riding a horse, a ballerina or whatever. And type rope walker. There's a, there's a wife and a man, a man and a woman, she's got two kids and he's got another. There's one, two, three, four, five people watching the type rope walker. There's a, there's a man, a, a lion tamer, inside a, inside of a enclosure. The cotton, the clown is a, is a throwing confetti at the boy in the, makes me think it's water. The, the, the, the, the, the girl or ballerina, or mount, or whatever, she is, she's riding, she's riding the horse in a circle, around circles. I don't know what else to say. Don't know what else to say. My time up yet? There's four stars at the circle. The, the, the man's wearing, a what do you call? Firss the lion tamer isThe same picture I saw earlier. This, this a coup, this a couple on their feh, and, in their, in their, relative in. A man, a woman are on a picnic with the two kids, and their dog, out at the lake, at the lake house. There's a man, there's another man on the, on the dock, that is fishing, he's caughten one fish so far. There's, out on the lake, there's a sailboat, has two people in it, man's waving. The daughter is, is making a sandcastle, on the, on the, on the beach, she got a shovel and a bucket. And the boy is flying a kite, and with the, his dog is chasing him. The woman is pouring a glass of wine, listening to music. The husband is reading a book, took his sandals off. There's a house at the lake with a car parked, and a flag flying. The man that's fishing has a, has caughten, has caught a fish, he's wearing a hat. And. The, the sailboat is number four seventy. It's got a number on the sail.the woman's washing the dishes, while the, while their son is tipping in the chair, getting cookies. And the girl is snickering at him. The mother's, the dishes is overflowing. There's a, a window with curtains, two plates, one plate, and two bowls. She's, she's drying the dishes, but she left the water running. There's a big puddle on the floor. Let's see the, the kitch, the kitchen's fairly good size. It's got two, two pluh, two, two druh, two cabinets. And I, and it, it looks outside, to the gra, to the, to the, to the yard that has, that has grass, the other side of the house. Got curtains tied up so you can see outside. She's drying a plate. I can't see anything else. Looks like, looks like the boy might be wearing one shoe and one sock, it's hard to tell. But he's about to tip over. He does have a cookie in his hand, and it kinda looks like he is going to give to his sister, and he trying to get one for himself.