ok this looks like a circus, where you've got a lot acts going on at the same time. You've got a bareback rider, a lady riding a horse. You've got people sitting in the audience. You've got, a guy that's doing the type rope, you've got a clown there that's either throwing popcorn, or, or paper, cut up paper, to the kids, or maybe even candy, who knows. Then you've got the ring master, or no, well I wouldnt say ring master, but the lion tamer having the lion do tricks, and it looks like he might be inside of a carousel kind of thing, or a ring to keep the tiger from ,I mean the lion from, getting out. The clown has a flower in his hat, he's got a flower, flower tie, he's wearing suspenders. He's got the the big nose and the face decoration like a typical clown. There's a little girl with her father, over here looking. I can't tell if she's looking at the lion or if she's looking at the clown, but they seem to be enjoying themselves, as well as the other family over here. And in this ring is where the, the lady who's riding bareback on the horse, looks like it's a from, from what I'm seeing, around theok this is the one I saw yesterday, with the family, it's kind of hard to determine if it's, if they're at their house, or if they're at a, a cabin kinda thing, that's got a flag in the yard, with a nice tree and manicured yard with shrubbery. The parents, I'm assuming, are on the blanket relaxing. The father is reading a book, he's kicked his sandals off. The mom looks like she might be pouring either soda, or a glass of wine, they're listening to music. The son is playing with his kite, and the dog is running along with him, while his sister is making a sandcastle, by the shore. There's a boat off in the distance, a sailboat, with looks like two people on it. And then there's a gentleman on the dock, who just caught a fish, so he seems to be real excited about that. They seem to be having a very nice afternoon, enjoying things that they like to do. The mom is in tennis shoes, while the dad kicked his sandals off. There's a car parked in the yard, I'm assuming that belongs to them. And again I can't tell whether it's their personal home, or it's like a camp, I mean a a cabin, or something. You dont see a lot of flags in people's yards, so that's why I kind of thought it might be a cabin or something, but it could be their house. And it's right on the edge of This looks like a kitchen with the mother washing dishes, and shes got a skin overflowing. She looks like she's got a very nice back yard, that's kind of manicured with shrubbery and, what not. She's got a son, I assume, that's trying to get cookies out of a cookie jar, and he's falling off of a stool. The daughter looks like she's reaching for cookie, and not aware that he's falling off the stool. The mother has on an apron, and not many people wear aprons anymore these days. But she's got a nice, nice kitchen, with nice storage area. Kih, kih, she has, curtains on, at her window, where she can look out of her, her window into the yard. There looks like there is a tree outside of, no maybe that's a driveway that has some, flowers or something at the end of driveway, but that's either another part of her house or a neighbor's house that she can look out of her window at. So there actually look like two catastrophes going on at the same time, the sink overflowing, and the son about to fall off of the stool. She's got some dishes dried, but looks like she forgot to turn the faucet off. And the daughter looks like she might be laughing a little bit that he's actually about to fall, being a typical sister maybe. The children are very neat 