the baby's watching the clowns. The man is taming the lion, is it a lion or a tiger? Tiger. And the other man is on the tight rope. And the woman is on the horse. And the people are out in the audience. The clown is pouring crumbs on the little boy. And tiger is, tiger is doing what man say. And the people out in the audience. The baby smiling at the clown. The girl is pointing at the cluh, at the clown. The dad is enjoying the circus. And, and the girl is going around in circles with the horse. The girl is skretching her arms out straight for it. And let me see, what else? The man, the clown has a flower on his head. The man is talkingthe boy is flying the kite. the man is fishing. the little girl is making a sandcastle. the woman is pouring some wine. the dad is reading. the daddy has his sandals off. the dog is chasing the little boy. the peoples are in the sail boot, boat, meant to say. and the car is parked in front of the house. the people are listing to some music. let me see, what else. and the daddy and the mama and the children, the family's having lunch. and it's a sunny day out there. and, and the, it has a flag outside. And what else. the man is caught the fish, he's pulling it in. And the little girl is digging dirt with the shovel. they had. the kite is yellow, green, and black, no yellow, red and white, and blue. it ain't got no color, I'm just pretending.the woman is washing the dishes. the little boy is getting cookies. and the little girl is wanting the little boy to hand him, hand her some cookies. and the mother is wakes, wasting the water on the floor. and let me see what else. And the boy is tipping over the, the stool. and I think that's about it. the water's running on the floor. and the mom, like I said, washing the dishes, cleaning them, cleaning the mess. I think that's it. look like it's a sunny day.  the mom is probably making dinner. and the little boy is getting two cookies out the cookie jar. And the, the little girl is hungry. And let me see what else. And the mama got dishes on the table. 