we're at the circus. There's one, two, three, four, five participants, six with the horse. And then we have one, two, three children, and one, two parents - a mother and a father - and then there all the, there some spectators, and look like there are five of those. And the clown is a funny guy, he is throwing popcorn at the child, at the little boy, and he's exciting the little girl. I don't think neither, not they're not together. I think he's black, he looks kind of bi-racial maybe, and she's white. And they're just looking and she's pointing. And the lady on the horse is interesting, she, she looks like she's on her knees, and she looks like she is going to stand up. And then the guy on the tight-rope he's just, he looks like he's being very careful. And then the guy with the lion, in the lion's den, he looks like he he's trying to tame him, but I'm not quite sure why he doesn't have a, what ya call that thing, a whip. He doesn't, he doesn't have anything like that, or I don't see it. Yeah, that's kind of odd that he would do that and just work with him that way. Yeah and those people are interesting, they're just sitting there. So this is an outside circus? And the little girl is just, the mother is holding the mother is washing dishes, the children are in the cabinet getting cookies, and he didn't realize he's on the stool improperly, and the stool is about to fall over. And the mother is making a big mess with all the water going on the floor. They have an interesting family, they're very messy, and obviously they don't know it. And what's that? Oh, that's the top to the cookie jar, ok. And he's handing her one, and she's just laughing. Yeah, that's about it, but I just don't understand why she has all that water all over the floor, and then she has dishes on the sink. And the only thing that's in the cabinet is the cookies. I think he could have done that a little bit better 'cause his foot is off you know slightly, and he's leaning back when he should be forward, but the little girl is leaning back too. And why does the mother look angry? So, and is she washing dishes or is she drying the dishes? I don't know. So that's about all I can say about that, just a very dysfunctional household. And so do I wait for my next picture? Oh. Well look inside the window, I guess you can see trees and grass. The curtains are, I mean that's a pretty big kitchen window. Well they don't have a dishwasher, soOh wow, this is at a picnic. are they at home? I kinda wonder if they're at home, because the, what looks like a house with the car in the front, has a flag post, and a flag, so that may or may not be a house, but it has a garage. that's, that's kind of an odd thing. I've never seen anyone with an actual flag post and posted in the front yard. that's odd too that they have a driveway that goes in front of the house, yeah that's really weird, so I guess not  'cause it looks like there's a walkway to the front door. and then you have the mother, and the father, and the child. I see some sandals, those must belong to the little girl who's playing with sand. and he's reading the book, no maybe those are his shoes, but those look like girl sandals, that's kinda odd. and she's, she's just pouring a drink. and over to the far end is a man, and he is fishing. there's a lot to do in this picture. there's boating. and then he's flying the kite, and he's running, and the dog is chasing him. but that's really odd, that house is just interesting.  I don't know what it is about that house, but the boat is out there. this, this could be at like lake Murry, and somebody lives on the dock, on the lake, and they have a dock.   and that's just you know, a friend out there, fishing, but 