ok we're at the lake. First of all, I see a husband, or a wife, or a couple, I'll put it that way, sitting on a blanket. And she's, they're having a picnic, and she's pouring wine in a bottle and he's reading a book. Next to them is a little boy flying a kite, and the dog is running behind him. And, and further down near the beach, or the lakeshore, there's a little girl making a sandcastle, and next to her is a bucket and a pail which she gets her sand. Further around the lakeshore, there's a man fishing on a dock, he's caught a fish. There's a person sailing a boat on the lake. And there's trees. I guess this is resort house. There's a car in the driveway. It's a single story house. There's... Let's see, car's in the driveway, single story house, flying a kite. There's a flag flying in the yard. The little boy, going back, the little boy is laughing. The dog has his tongue sticking out and running, and he's happy. Everybody's happy on the, on the picture, even the lady that's pouring the wine. She has on shorts and a tank top, he has on shorts and shirt. He has his shoes off, she has her shoes on. There's a radio. Let's see, the lake goes all the way around. Abain I see trees, and shrubberies. And the waves is rolling up on the shore. And I don't know what to say about it. I don't see no birds, maybe there's one, that's one, maybe a speck, a bird in the sky.The little boy stealing cookies of cookie jar, he's standing on a stool that's getting ready to tip, the little girl is laughing at him. Mother's, is washing dishes, she has a solemn look on her face, so she's letting the water run over the sink. That's all I see. Little girl must be asking for a cookie, and he's laughing at him. Curtains. Looking out the window you see the pathway, the shrubbery, and the next door neighbor house. I think you see two bowls on the counter, one plate on the counter. Mother has a plate in her hand with a dish rag she's drying the plate. The little boy's given the little girl a cookie, and he's taking one for his self. And the mother's standing in water, where the water's running out the sink. One, two, there's three cabinet drawers/cabinet doors where the boy's taking the cookies out, two up under him. The water's splashing on the floor. I see trees outside, shrubbery outside, grass outside. Curtains are pulled/tied back. Mother has on a apron and wearing a dress. There's nothing else to say about it. There's a spicket, and two waterfalls, a hot water. Mother's wearing an apron, I don't know if I said that already. The little girl's wearing her dress, her hair is shoulder length. The boy hair is crew cut I'll say. ok. This is the circus. First of all you have a black male, and his daughter looking at the clown, she is pointing at the clown. Inside the cage, there's the, a lion trainer, and the lion, and the lion is sitting on top of a box. The clown is, look like throwing popcorn or potato chip at the children. On the right, look like a mother, a daughter, and her son. The cloud has a hat on his head. On top there's a man walking on a tightrope. And there's a lady at the next rings who's riding a horse, her hand is stretched out where she's keeping her balance. There are one, two, three, four, five, maybe six people watching her on the, on the, on the horse. The clown has a rib, the clown has a flower in his hat. The little girl's pointing at the clown, the black girl's pointing at the clown, she has bows in her hair. The little boy who's trying to look like, trying to catch the popcorn from the clown is throwing at them. The clown tie has flowers on it, he has striped pants. The lady on the leh/right, she has a dress or shirt on, look like birds flying on it. The lady riding the horse has a tutu on. The man in the lion cage is wearing a top hat, and a tuxedo coat, I don't know what kinda coat it's called. The lion is on his back legs, and he's, he's doing what the lion tamer is telling him to do: rise up, and he's rising up. Look like 