Ready? Ok this is, first of all this is a lady, a young lady, washing or drying the dishes, probably drying the dishes. However, she's not paying attention because she's overflowing the sink from the faucet, and it's dripping all over the floor. She has a toddler there who's reaching for the cookie jar, and he's not got a very good balances, so he's about to tip it over, which will probably result in him knocking a hole in the top of his head. I notice there's no wind blowing there, doesn't appear to be any snow, however there do appear to be leaves on the trees. That might be grass there, but I'm just not sure about that. I believe she's in a bad mood because she's frowning. And let's see, the little girl is poking fun at the little boy because he's about to fall on his rear end. I notice it, she has nice, pretty, pinklet socks on, and she's got a nice-looking set of legs on her, and she's got long, long hair, and she look's almost like she's got on a, a short skirt, like a cheerleader's skirt. And he's got on sloppy socks, that would look like Pete Maravich with his dirty socks. I notice that there's. There's nothing else here, well I don't know what that is. That looks like a plate, and I don't know what that is.Oh boy, this is a busy one. This is a, looks like a circus or a carnival, probably a circus. There is a high wire balancer out there, and he's got his pole, his long pole that helps him keep his balance. There is the horse that runs around in the, in the inside of the circle, and the the girl is riding the horse, and, and, and she balances while the horse is going around the, around the circle. There's the clown there, and he's got on a nice looking sh/sh pair of striped pants with flowers on his tie, and he's got his red nose on there, and his garb and everything, and he's got a little flower coming out of his hat there, and he's got something probably like popcorn or something coming out of the pail there. There's a lion in the cage there, and he's up on one of those, I don't know what you call them, but it's like a tub, a a round tub. And he, the lion sits on that, and he balances himself upright. And the lion tamer, or he could be the actual, no he's the, he's the, he's the guy that that's the EMC, what do they call them for the, for the carnival. I forgot what you call them. But anyway, he's, he's working with the lion, to make sure he's tame and everything, and entertaining the folks. There is a, a grandstand. And there's the outlines of the people, they're actually watching the, the, the, the circus, the three ring circus, or it's actually a one ring circus. And those are the people that are watching, their the, the fans. And then you have, looks like mother Oh this looks like, this is not a beach house, but this is a lake house it looks like. And it's in the summertime, even though it's a little early, or probably too litle/ob little bit late in the spring for him to be flying a kite, even though it has a tail on it, and also has a cord wrapped around so that he can guide and keep the, the kite from going into the sky. There's the water on the lake, and there's a sailboat, and there's a special number on there for the number four seven zero, I don't know what it's for, but it's for. That's a guy, that's there on the dock and, and it's extending into the water, and he's got a fishing pole, and he's pulling a fish out of the lake, and it's splashing as the fish is messing around there. I see the pretty leaves on the, on the, on the big tree out there, and nice bushes and everything, a nice clean cut house, and a nice car parked in the garage, although it's only a single car garage. I don't know what that, that's a flag it might, might be something special that, that they call, or it's for where they live. It looks like mommy and daddy are sitting there doing a tuh picnic, they both have their sandals on, and there's a transistor type radio, or a boom box I guess they call it. And I don't know if that's ginger ale or beer, probably beer. And their, got their leisure clothes on. He's reading a book. That's the picnic basket, and it's full of sandwiches and hot dogs and hamburgers. I mean I've never seen so many in my life. And there's the doggie, and his name is obviously Bowzer, and he's got his tag on, which means he's, he's in good shape so 