looks like were at the circus. There's a guy up on the tight rope. And there's a girl riding horseback, or on the back of the horse. Looks like the crowd is back there in the shadows. And there's a ring there, that the horse is going around in. Mom and the little girl are having a good time, and the clin, the clown, is throwing, I don't know what it is, confetti or something at the little boy. And the clown has flowers on his tie. And he's pretty happy as usual. And the dad and the little girl are pointing at the clown, I think. Yeah, I think they're doing that at the clown. And the ring master is playing with the lion, in the cage. What else? Is this, this is outside. Yeah it is outside cause it looks like maybe clouds over there. And I see grass, so it's got to be inside. And looks like bojo's hair, bozo's hair, hair on the clown. What else? Mom's shirt looks like a blouse, looks like it got birds or something on it, birds. That's about it. I see four, five, six stars on theok. in the kitchen, mother's washing the, washing the dishes, of course the sink is over flowing. the kids are getting rave, raving the cookie jar in the top cabinet. her son's about to fall over the stool. that's about it for that one. there's two cups, a plate on the counter, the counter. I see the flowers, the trees, and the bushes, out of the, or bushes outside. in fact, garage over there in the sidewalk. mom's wearing a dress. what am I missing here? Mom look likes she's mad. the cabinets are empty. sister's saying he's about to fall. grass is trying to grow, not much. looks like a word right there, is that a word? Like some sort of code. curtains are pulled or open. we had that one a while ago. Let's see we're going back on the picnic again. Dad's reading a book, mom's drinking some wine, sounds good to me. Listen to the radio. On a pretty day. Looks like they're. Dont know if that's a cabin or their house, must be that. Got a flag. Boy's flying a kite. The dog's changing the boy, the dog is changing the boy. Looks like grandpa's over fishing, got him a big one. I see some coulds over in the, no that's not, that's not clouds, that's tree, or woods, trees. I see sailboat, number four seventy. Two guys and they're waving. Little girl's playing in the beach in the sand, and she's got a shovel, and a bucket, bucket, yeah. The boy's wearing tennis shoes. House is white. Dad's getting old, he's got white hair too. I'm having fun. He took his sandals off his hands. Sitting on a blanket. Picnic basket. No food, just wine.