Okay. So they got there people outdoors, you know, S-I, alright S-U-D. He says they’re ready to, you know, he thinks this would be a place W-A-T-E-R. And but it’s a real, you know, it's no problem, different things, they’re talking with each other. The different people who are you know, watching by them. You know there’s a, you know the L-I-O-T, you know very nice, they’re up here working by the gentlemen. And, you know, and these people here are working around, they’ve got 15 areas, and maybe there are six people over there. So, you know it’s a, it’s a good one. It's better the people up doors, they, they, they help each other there, because it's down there. So it's very nice. The doors, but that’s okay outdoors. You know. So, don’t think there's problem. It's working for it. You know, it's okay.There’s 3 of it, or I could just talk about this one? well its at home. The momma is, the problem is, with the area here. And, this person is girl, is, they’re getting one, but they’re down too much. So its not very good, they’re having problems here. And, wait home, it will be helping out here, just wash it out. So, so there’s not much. Well usually this is way up there, instead of down. So that’s, that's not very good. And, you know, that what it is, but it's, it's all the way, yeah. Okay, so. Yeah, yeah. Right right. It's okay. Do we have to wait the next one? I got ya. Yeah. Here we are. So everybody has, a G-I-S-10-I-S, they’re all here, and then they have the person, you know, the friend here. Everybody wants to, maybe not right now, but the B-I-N-T with everybody. This area is working themself to have a good day, they, you know, he has one of these there, but he’s working with him. I don’t like this much, they have a person, you know, opening everything, you know, terrible. But his, friend is, is being outdoors, and you know, even though it's very nice, it's, it's W-I-N-D-Y. You know, they get way up there, and they actually have here, another one in the same area, but it's very nice. This gentlemen here says that, you know, he has a, a working with each other. And, and he’s got one, he’s, he's up to bring it home. And, so it's very nice there. So, so, they, they have a good day there. So, so, it's nice. I guess they have, they, that’s, I think that's pretty good over there. Working for each other. That person feels that he knows back.