Ready? She's going with twins, with the, with the outside, I mean with. And he's got, he's gonna go, but he's got, he's got a, get a, get the rain, got him one, but he's already got him, he's goon go back and he's not really good. An boy, more. And she's got not salt, pep, something here. More? Oh my gosh. And she's looking out, and she looks like it's really good here. And she's gonna, thats why she can't do much, because it's just too much rain, raining. Finished? Oh my gosh. Well she, she was looking it and she said "uh oh". He's gonna be can't do it because he, he's got one. And her she's got it real quick, but he's gonna get it, she's got two of them. And she's gonna go back, can't do much. And that's she got from, from the girl. That's enough. Their house. Their house. I've seen this one. Probably one, two, three, four, five. Ready? Alright. So, they were looking at the picture, and he's got the, the, the girl. And she's got a, a, she's got something fo, for him. And she's got the, the looking at the, looking at the show, and so it's gonna be really good. He's got the, he's got the stuff, and he's ready to go. And so, the, he's got, the little one's got a kite, and he's ready to go with the dog, and they're doing really good with that. And the little one, she's got, she's got sh/she's looking at the stuff here, and it's, it's doing really good. He's got, he's got a fish, and he's really, he got one an it's really.oh my gosh look at that. And you looking at the guy, and he's back and forth with this, and he's doing back and forth. He's really good, they're looking at him because he looks like he's really good. It's got, he, one, two, two on the ma/man and the quirl, an two little ones. And they're looking at. And then all of a sudden she's looking at, at the drawing. And she's back and forth with it. And she's really good. She is, she's really, she's the girl with two little ones. And she got, the ga, and he's got picture, and she's got stuff here, so he's got some right now for her. And then this one is the guy with the little one girl, and they're doing really good. He wants to see if he's got something for her. And then, and then this is a cat, cat but it's more than that. And, no. And so he's gonna be back an forth with it, because he's he's supposed to be really good.