ok let's see. I know what it is but I can't say. Horse, I'm saying horse, not a horse. Well let's see, the man has the man who is trying to scratch, i know what it is, but I cant say it. Other guy who's wearing all the paint on his face, and the big fancy hair, and all, he's got water, and he's trying to put the water on to, it looks like water but it's not, it's something else, on to the boy and girl, and the mother, and the girl is turned around, and twirling around. A man up above is climbing up, high up, white, well I can't say it, he's walking across the top. And in the very far right i see the lady's riding the horse, and the horse is just walking around. And she's getting ready to go up on her toes, but she's just, but she's just sitting there. Let's see. Pardon me, I know what it is, but I cant say their names. Only thing i really say is the horse, I cant say horse.so the girl and the boy are picking up food, up high. The lady is, the lady is washing her food, and not paying attention the water is coming down on the floor. Why She's looking at the man in the other room, I guess. And the boy who's picking up the food thing up above, is getting ready to fall off. I cant think of anything else. She's looking outside, but I can't really understand what it. I thought she was looking outside, I thought maybe somebody was cutting the grass or something, but I dont see no person cutting the grass, but she's looking. Did the house burn or something? Cause I'm looking straight up in there, is the house burning? I cant tell that. But yeah like I said outside I can see, but cant understand what's going on. Like she looking at somebody, but main thing is the water is dripping onto the floor. She's wearing a dress, I cant believe wearing a dress, but any way. I said the man, the girl, and a boy getting food. Going up high up to get food. And the man is falling off. And the lady is not looking as she washing the clothes, and dripping the water down.ok that is a big one. Alright. The man and a woman are outside eating food, outside and they got the little listening to singing. And it in front of their house, i dont know why they are doing outside the house, but they're doing it out house. See the car. And I also see, also water on the right, and the man is out in the water trying to get fix. Anyway, he's in the water trying to get the grow up. He's in the water, little things coming up. And the, the boy is running around with his dog is chasing him, and he's got the thing up, up, high up, trying to go up high up. And on the right, the guy's out in the water, another still out in the water. Peoples out further away, two people in the water. And then in front of the water, where the sand is, the girl is playing with the sand. And, it must be a fancy house, living in a fancy house, because his house is right next to the water. It costs a lot of money to have a house over there. Well, 'bout all you can say on that one. Grandfather's outside. the boy is chasing the dog, The sis, daughter playing in the sand.