ok I saw this yesterday. there's a little girl, and she's getting this in the sand. and that's appell. And that's c-a-t-e-n, abanden.  And that's a, that's a, that's a, little man there. he's actually a bigger man. and that's ki, kite. and that's his dog. and that's his mom, that's his dad. there's shoes, and the man, there out. and that's his woman, and she's got her kids out there that she's sitting. and that's picnic. and that's in a button. and that's in the wine, that's their water, giving them something to drink. and that's a p-o-o-k, book, a book. and there's his eyes. and there's a man in the fish. and there's a boat in the, it's that's in a sail, sailing, and that's in the water. that's their house. and there's their car. and that's where they're driving. and, there's a f-l-a-g flag up in the air, and this man an is, in the up here, up in the w-h-a-r, whar, wharf. and that's in the fishing. and that's his boy. and that's his little dog. that's his dog look, right there, little, l-e-c cleegle?ok. This is a s-u-r circus, circus. There is, that there is clown, clown, clown. There's a little girl, there's a dad, there's a boy, there's another little girl, and there's a mom up there, that's a mom. And now there's a horse, and that's a woman up there running in the house, horse. And there oben, they go into the abute. And this guy he just, that's a, cow, clown. He's throwing the stuff into the boys. And now there's a lin, lion, it's lion. And that's a man and, and that's in his house. And he's in the lion, and that's a big lown. He's got the lown, lion and the pair, p-a-i, pair. That's a man, and these are the bars. And, and here's man, woman watching the, up in the water. And that's a man. And that's the small, that. And I, and that's a man. And that's, I cant give him what the name he's supposed, i cant remember, but yeah that's pretty nice. And, but he's, that's, that's in that's the mom, the, the, the son, and the, the girl. There the cookie, there the water, they're throwing it out now. She's in there washer's waste p-a-p-e pay, paple, pay. There out in the house. And now the water downstairs. Up here, there's the son. Now he's pushing down his, is right there church, not a church, it's a cosh, s-t-o-o stool, and now she say ha ha, and she up there with her hand. And they cant see whatever she. So, and so, now they taking their cookies, and thinking they can eat everything. And, so now well she's got her shoes, he got that, and it pretty bad. They're nice, and that's his mom. So, and that's, and that's in his, his, yeah, that's down, up here, and up here, that's chi- not chicken, c-a-b-i, cabi, cable, table. And there out in the water, outside. There's a tree. That's the grass. That's pretty much everything. She's