Mother washes dishes, lets the water drip, drip on the floor. And, and the two kids are getting in to the cookie jar, and they're, one of the guy on the stool is letting it drop over. And that’s it, that’s all i can see. well let's see, there are some dishes on the cupboard, that would be helpful. And you can see a scene outside. And there’s curtains on the window. And there’s drapes on the, I mean, stuff on the flower beds. Whatever you want, but there's flowers, can be there. There’s cupboards there with doors. And the little boy has cookie, and he’s giving it to the sister. And let’s see what else she have on. She seems happy with what she is doing, letting the water drip on the floor. And, and she's.o look at that again. Ok. let’s see here. Ok, i can go back and make that boy is reading a book, and the girl is pouring wine. And they have, he has his shoes off, and he has a wire, a phone there, a telephone, not a telephone, but I can’t think of it.  It’s a, it's a, it makes music, ok. And a little, little, litte guy, the little fellow, is the, is the little, little dog, following the fellow that’s pulling the flag. He is happy as he can be too, getting it done. There’s a fellow out there, o he’s, o i guess he’s seen, he's got a fish, he’s pulled up a fish. And then there’s the flag. I don't remember the flag before, maybe I did. The flag is there. There’s a car in the garage. And the, there’s a cedar tree, or some kind of tree. I think it's a cedar tree, I don't know. And then it has foliage around the house. And it has the girl in the, in the sand bed, making the sand, making sand castle. that's a castle she’s got there. And then there’s a stick in a bowl there. And in this one, is two, two people.ok same thing. Alright, there's a clown there throwing popcorn out at the kids. There's a gentleman there with his daughter. And there's the man, doing something with the lion, it is a loin. And the children are happy to go to that, and they are watching the lady traipsing around the screen on the little outdoor thing, little outdoor wheel. And then there's some people in the background looking at the show. And there's a man up on the top. he’s, what do they call them?, he's not trapeze, he's not trapeze, he's walker? I don't know what you name him, but there's something. There’s a name for him, but I can’t think of it right now. But the, the clown has popcorn and he has a flower shirt on. And, and the girl has locks in her hair, her little things to lock to hold her hair down. And, and that's about it. That's about all I can put there 