This in the water, and a whole bunch of people here doing, I have no idea, doesn't make any sense, but here it is. There's a person here taking four seventy a boat, nice sailboat, that means it's a special time. There's a man catching a bear there, got a bish there. Then some, this kid is throwing up the, the night, kite, this is running this here. Guy's reading, and a woman's having the drink. The kids throw those things, and that maybe his hat, but you don't think he lives there, you don't know if he goes there, who lives there, who does anything, they're doing something. So here's happening. You got a little clause here, I have no appention to it. They got a little pile there. Somebody catching the dish. Here's pulling the night. Here's four seventy, a special type of sail bus. This is a lady just doing, making a des, I don't know why he's doing. He's pulling there. He's just sitting there, she on drink I guess. Here's a ladio playing nothing. He's got no feet on, so he hurt himself there. Here's another one without a foot on. Here's on a boat. The boat ends there, and ends there. Who could hit? You don't know who owes it. He believers here, we don't know if this guy owns it, perhaps. Here's a guy taking the boat. Here's a guy, pulling the kid on the place. He's pullin the dog, out on the kite, that's a nice thing. There's a man catching a fish, just making another drink. He's reading a book, he's pulling this, he's got a water going on here, listening to water, but I don't know why it's going. What out here. There's got a tree, a house. It must be, it doesn't look like in the ocean, looks more like a ba, a pond, or a sea. He's catching a fish. I know what's going on, but it's crazy, people doing different things, not doing anything. All people do nothing. This guy's the only one there. This guy maybe he's there, we don't know if he's there. This guys pulling air the people, a circus. And there's a man riding the wahl, on the water. There people sitting there and looking at anything. Why sitting there I have no idea, maybe that. There's a layer on the, pulling, the, cur horse is on this woman. There's a, there's a man and two family, and some kids throwing glasses on him. And here's a man throwing on the kid. Here's two people watch this, but no one seems to be talking to the amp, man trying to kill, play with, the, with the, with the line, but he's not dressing properly, he isn't wearing their outfit. He looks like he talks to people, a peacher. There's two people just looking at this guy not looking at that. No one's paying to this kid at all, she's doing everything by herselves. These people get throw this balown, cone, whatever his name is, is throwing at the kids, everyone's happy with that. This woman, OK no one's paying this kid, he get killed by the guy he doesn't know, by the lion. Look like a person, herdum. This two people, I dont know why they're doing. Look at this kid, she's look at this. There's gonna lot a work, and seems like nobody's looking at them all, and these guys are looking that way, and no one's paying attention to it. Those are three neat things going here, and nobody's paying attention, must make you crazy. Nobody look at this, this is pretty much nothing. This is a good thing to do, this is typhing, this is nothing, nobody's paying attention to him. These people don't pay attention to this thing at the circ, the circus, nobody cares. Looking at this, big things going here, and no one's looking.
There are three people and a signature, siture. The woman is knocking the water down. The bowl is taking cart off he's gonna fall, hurt himself. The sister laughing, but she wants cooks. So the woman is pulling water on the water, she's sitting there not care what's happening, does nothing. The kid's falling, he could hurt himself, and the sister he want more. So there's water here, fall down, he fall down hurt himself, he just want the cooker, that's it, And then that kid, and she's outside the looking around, nice out there, make a mess of everything, mess up the places. He's fooling the ants and then hurt himself. He's got thing, fall down, he tried that kid's, that to that young boy, girl, the kid, that sister, he wants the cook from her, that's what he wants. Not much going out, outside the house side. Things fall down, she falls down, water, she still cleaning this. This knocking down this thing, got his hand that's gonna fall by the fall itself. She's gonna get the cookie, and no one seems to care about it. Done. Is that it? What more she wanna do? She's just falling down. She walking around, laughing, he's falling, she's laughing. He's got the cook jar there, coming down, cuddign off, he's gonna fall down, water everywhere, she looks out. Nothing there. it's in her leg, she doesnt care, she's goofy. His falling down, he's falling down, the kid - every makes a mistakes, nobody know anything in that group, their goofy. No this kid's sitting here doing, but they're dumb kids. They're both crazy. Water up this good place and that's done. This anything less you have to say? What more can I say? They are goofy people, everyone cares about anybody about anybody. They're nonsense, they're stupid. And the kid's, he's goona fall, kid's gonna fall, and she's gonna get his