The, the this is where the circus, and I see a lion, and a lion tamer. the lion is standing on his, on his back. and in front of the, the, the room, I see a picture of a man, he's there with his little girl. and, I see a clown, the clown has a hat, a rose on his hat, and he apparently is throwing balloons, balloons, not balloons. he's showing, I can't think of the word, i can't think he's showing. a man with another little girl and boy. and then I see a horse, and a ring, and the lady's on top of the horse. they're going in circles in the ring. and then on top of that I see a man, see him walking, skate walking, skate walking, some kind of walking. and behind the, the ring, I see some blacked out people folks, it looks like there's four, or five folks, can't see their faces.so there's a picture of a man, and a woman. they're sitting at a blanket. the woman is pouring what appears to be wine, and there's a basket, and I see a radio beside the lady, and the man is a wearing sandals, and right beside the this nice little family there appears to be man who's  running with a kite, and the dog is chasing him. beside the the man, I'm sorry the boy, is a little girl who's at the beach, who's playing with sand, and she has a bucket, and a shovel. and in the back, in the back area there's a picture of an older man who appears to be fishing, and it looks like he has a fish on the end of the line. and in the back, in the back, you can see a sailboat with two people on the back of the sailboat. and there's also a picture of a, of a house, that has trees, and there's a flag, a flagpole. and in front of the car, there's a picture of car. and there's bushes behind the house. and the man who is fishing is standing on top of a dock. and looks like everyone's having a wonderful day. it's a happy day. man has glasses on, reading a book, of course.Ok this woman is washing dishes, the sink is overflowing, and she's washing a plate, looking outside, outside of the window, watching the leaves. Beside her is a picture of a boy and girl. The boy is, is on a chair, and he's trying to get, the some cookies out of the cookie jar, and the boy is is falling, he's getting ready to fall. And, what else can I tell you? they're in the kitchen area, I see two, two bowls and a plate. And the woman has a skirt on, short hair. And the boy has shorts on, the girl has a skirt. They're looking outside as I said earlier, looking to the lawn. They can see, probably looks like a neighbor's yard, and I said earlier it's water is spilling into the table. Not sure what else to say about this. She looks like she's very nice. Look outside the window. 