ok. Mom's washing the dishes. The sink is running over. The kids are getting into the cookie jar, and the boy's about to fall. He's handing the cookies down to the girl. It appears to be maybe summer time, or spring time 'cause she's got the window open. She's doesnt realize the sinks about to run over, now they're gonna have ta mop the floor. An that's about all I can think on that picture.ok this is a circus picture, and there is a guy walking the tight rope. He has the balance bar with him. There are people, one, two, three, four, five, six people look like sitting on a bench watching him. There is a ring with a horse, and a lady is riding bareback on the horse, and he's going around in the circle of the ring. And there are some children watching a clown, and the clown is throwing something on them that looks like it might be paper. The little girl is smiling, and the little boy is throwing his hands up thinking it's probably water. Inside, the, another ring is the man doing the lion taming, and he has the lion sitting up and possibly waving. And there's a little girl and her dad looking on at, looks like everything. And the whole circus seems to be outside, not inside a tent. ok. This is a picture, looks like it's a lakeside. There is a sailboat on the lake, with two people in it and they're waving at the people on shore. There's a house with a car there. And there's a man out on the pier fishing, he just caught a fish. He has on a straw hat, keeping the sun out of his face. There's a little girl playing in the sand, she's built a sandcastle, looks like she's really enjoying herself. There's a lady and a man, having a picnic lunch, she's pouring them something cold to drink. They have a radio so they can listen to music. The man is crah, criss cross applesauce, reading a book. There is a little boy flying a kite, looks like he's really enjoying the kite. And he has, I guess, his dog with him. Dog looks very happy, the little boy looks very happy, everybody in the picture looks really happy. It's a nice driveway, looks like it would be a really nice summer day. There's a flag flying outside the house. Nice shady tree in the yard. And the man has his shoes off. 