look like a nice a house on the lake. Everybody's having fun at the lake. Boy flying a kite, while his mother is pouring a drink, I guess, for the father. They're sitting down on the blanket reading, while they listen to the radio. I guess she doing that before she open up the picnic basket. There a man on the dock fishing, he done caught a fish. And the boy that's flying a kite got a dog that's running after him. Then the other girl is building a sandcastle, she got a shovel and a bucket out there. And the house, the cars parked at the house with a flag pole on it, with a flag flying, flag flying like it's a little windy outside. And they got a fella, two fellas, two people out in a boat. They're sailing up and down the lake. Look like the water is down a little bit too. Water aint up as high as it should be. And pretty good day. Everybody having fun. Man's wearing glasses, and he the only one wearing glasses too. Everybody else is Look like the cown, the clown got paper, throwing paper out the box, out the bucket. Lion, man training the lion. There's what five people on a bench? The horse is parading around. Man walking do a tight rope. The clown look real happy. The kids look pretty happy too. Like everybody's having fun at the circus. There's five stars, four, five stars on the ring, on the ring around the horse. And a lady riding a horse, on her knees. Clown's got a flowery tie. And that little girl's got, got four bows in her hair. Look like the lion trainer's bald headed. He's pointing to the sky. Look like the lion is answeringshe got the dish water running over. The mother got the dish water running over, and he shouldn't be climbing on that ladder like that. After no cookies, cause he's gonna fall. Mom's is mad. Look like the sister is laughing at the brother. That's all I got to say. I mean what else is there to say? There nothing else to say. I don't talk that much, I just explain things ju just how they is and let it go. Nothing really else to say. They're not paying attention to each other, that's all. At least the mother should be paying attention to the kids anyway.