ok. The, the father's, the, he, he's reading to, to the, to the children, no he's reading a book. And, the leaves, the leaves are on, the leaves are on, are, o gosh. He has sandals on his feet, no, it, they came off his feet. And he, she's got a picnic basket. And the radio is, is playing. And he's flying a kite, the dog is following him. The fisherman caught a fish. And. There, there in a, no they're not in the tree. Flags flying, kite is dang, is flying to. And a car, it's, it's parked. And a, and a, the door, the door is closed. And a, there's water in the, water in the lake, and, and there's boats in it, no a boat in it.The boy, the boy's raiding the cooking jar, and, and he, he, he's standing on a stoo, on a stool, and he, it, it's falling. And the girl is telling him, him, to be quiet, but sh, sh, she also got a cookie. Ok, the mom washing dishes, and the sink's overflowing, the sink's overflowing. Ok, and the curtians are, whatever color they are. And there shrubery out, outside. And, and trees are outside. And. braiden, no. The cookie jar, no. The cookie jar is on the inside, and it's br, broke the cookie jar on it. And he, their both dressed in, for outside, after a while. But, the girl has on a skirt, the girl has on a skirt and blouse, and the boy has on a, a shirt and a, and a, and a, march, two shoes. Ok, the girl has on ballet sh, no I don't know, it looks like ballet shoes. the clown's spreading confetti all over, over, over the kids. And the kids are happy about it, but the clowns are dressed in like, like brosts. And they have gloves on their hands, and hats on their head, hats on the head, and, and they've got makeup on, and the, the nose on. ok. In the lion, in a cage, and he's a, he's a, he's. There, there, there duckling, no there, there poles on the, on the, where they walk, and they walk in leotards. And their horses are in to, and their dressed in leotard, leotards for ballet. gosh. He's got on pants, and long pants, and a coat, no a coat for the.