This looks like a vacation time for the family by the lake. And I'm assuming that it not really in the country as such, because it's somewhat misleading that there is a sail boat on the water, but the house has a road leading up to it, that appears to be fairly private, but more like an urban setting rather than a real country setting, or distance setting. And for some reason there's a flag out in in the yard, which means it could be public park, but may be not. And that facility could belong to the person who maintains the area, rather than people visiting. And the family is enjoying a picnic, she's pouring a drink, and hopefully that's Avion water rather than anything else. And they have their little portable radio, their sandals out, and dad obviously has his sandals off, mother has on flats, or tennis shoes, shorts enjoying herself. And the son is enjoying his kite flying so that means that it is obviously a good day because the flag, and the kite, seem to be blowing in the same direction. And another man who looks to be like he could be the ranger out there fishing, but hopefully he is just a fisherman, he has caught a fish. And the little girl is building a sand castle, and she is having a good time. And the boaters are waving, but no one seems to be waving back at them. On the the sail says four seventy, so that might be a good.I see a little girl who's asking for cookies apparently from probably her brother, who is on the stool about to fall, he's reaching for cookies. He has one in his hand, probably one for himself, and one for her. The cabinet door is open. While mother is diligently drying dishes, while the sink is running over, it is obviously plugged up. And she has two dishes, rather than three, so I wonder why not, she must have just fed her children cause there's only two. And as I look outside, I see a nice path that obviously leads to a garage, or to the home next door. And it must be spring time because there are trees and bushes. And mother's gonna slip if she's not careful, because the water is under her feet, and she seems to be oblivious to it, or she is showing a bit of dismay on her face. She's certainly not smiling, but she is also seemingly ignoring her children. And the, and the one little girl seems to be saying shhh to the boy so that mom doesn't notice, but she will when it goes crash. And all the lower cabinet doors are closed, and apparently she put the cookies up top so they wouldn't bother them. But they have found their way to them. And that's about all I can see.this looks like a, either, obviously at the circus, or a carnival, but I would say at the circus. And i would say the little girl is African American by her braids, and by her, her dad, obviously, his curly hair. In the lions cages is the, head ring master, or lion tamer, one of the, hopefully he's the lion tamer because thats a pretty good sized lion. Even though he seems to have a smile, he looks like he might be ready to have lunch. And the clown, who is expected to do all sorts of silly tricks. He's either throwing water, or popcorn, on the little boy. And they're laughing and putting up their hands to avoid it catching, or maybe to catch what he's throwing out, it could be. And mother is enjoying it as well, as the little child. And certainly it appears that they are of two different ethnicities. And in the center of the ring is the lady on a horse, probably what they we used to say in my day lady godiva on the horse, with this plumage that is just, is just being enjoyed by the crowd on the other side. Obviously of all ages because of the size, looks like both men, women, and children. And on top is the  tight rope walker, and he is very gingerly stepping across the balance be, across the tight rope, with his, I guess you call that balancing stick. And he looks to be very young. And if this was in