this is, looks like an old fashion kitchen. Mom's there, drying the dishes. The sink is over flowing, and of course, the kids wanted to get in the cookie jar. The cabinet is open. The boy's up on the stool, the stool is falling as he grabs a cookie for his little sister, who is re reaching for the cookie with her outstretched hand. Mom's feet are getting wet. Old fashioned kind of pull back curtains. The window's open, it must be a nice spring day out there. The kitchen looks pretty clean, except for the dirty dishes, and the flood that's happening on the floor. Let's hope mom doesn't ruin her shoes. Looks like mom might be wearing an apron too. Could be summer, spring, fall, leaves on the trees. Two bowl, dirty bowls, on the counter, one dirty plate on the counter. Not much to say about this. Little girl has shorts on, and little Mary Jane sandals. The boy has, I dont know, shorts on. Little t-shirt with a collar, bare leg socks. Girl has kind of medium hair, mom's got short hair. We've got two kitchen cabinets to the left side. Then we've got looks like two cabinets to the left side of the sink, two doors under the sink, two doors to the right of the sink, no cabinets over the window. I don't know if I said that, and I've got three cabinets above the counter to the left where the boy's stealing the cookies. wow. This is a circus. Let's start at the top. We've got a tight rope walker, balancing with his beam, starting to put his left foot down, he looks like he's in control. Moving down a little bit, we've got the lion in a, it's a round cage, on a lion sitting up on his hind quarters, raising his left paw in response to his lion trainer, who's raising his hand, his right hand, for the lion to raise his left paw. And the lion trainer has a nice little top hat on, he has a, looks like a tweed tux, kind of weird, com comber bun, dark pants. And the lion's up on a, upside down table, tub. Black and white stripes, very wide stripes. And watching the lion, I think is a little girl, unless she's looking at the clown. There's a man in the bottom right hand, bottom left hand corner, who's looking at the clown, who's in the middle of the picture. And then the man has a little girl with him, who has braided pigtails, with bows at the top, and bows at the bottom, and probably a little pinafore cause she's got a t-shirt on with a collar, and she's got stripes across the back. And she's pointing at either the lion or the clown. And the clown, the lion's in front of her, the clown is to her right a little bit. The clown has on striped pants, suspender pants, black and white, wide white stripes then black, and a flowered tie.we're back at the beach, and the lake where we were yesterday, with mom and dad, and the two boy, their son and daughter, and dog on a picnic. Mom and dad are sitting on the beach blanket, up on the grass. Dad's crut his legs crossed, and he's reading a book, with it, hopefully he can see better cause he's got his eye glasses on. His sandals are laying on to his right side, on the blanket. In front of that, is in front of him, is mom, kneeling, and she's pouring a glass of soda over the picnic basket between them, and she's listening to a radio. Let's see. Behind mom, is the, their son, who's flying a kite, and he's running along, with the dog chasing him. And than a little bit further down, the, behind the blanket, is their daughter, in the sand, building a sandcastle. And she has a bucket and a shovel to help her build the sandcastle. And then out behind the girl, into the bay, or ocean, is a sailboat, number four seventy, with one person waving and the other person steering the rudder. Down further from the girl, is a dock. And there's a man on that dock, I don't know whether he's related or not, and he just caught a fish that jumped out of the water. And he's got a 