Here we have let's say a family at the lake picnicking, and doing a bunch of other stuff. The daughter is building a sand castle, while, while her brother flies a kite, and runs with the dog. The dad is reading a book with his sandals off, while the mom is listening to music and, and maybe having wine therapy. The, there is like maybe, it almost looks like a park ranger, catching a fish, or a guy with like a wide brimmed cap, like a park ranger, and the fish is, jumping around on the line. So it's like he's about ready to land it. Looks to be pretty windy day because the flag is flying in the background, and there's enough wind to pick up the kite, and let it go. The a, there's some boaters in the background with the boat number four seventy, and it appears that there are two people on board. There are no other boats on the lake that we can see. The dad's book appears to be blankAll right. We are at the circus, and there is a lot going on. There is a man in a top hat and tails in with the lion. Trying to get him to do tricks, while the trapeze artist, or high wire dude, is walking across the high wire without a net it appears. There is a lady in a tutu doing tricks on a horse in the, in the little, circular arena, type play thing. In front of all this is a clown who has a flower in his hair, and has a, nose. I'd say it's a red nose. And he's in his full make up. Throwing water on the kids, or pieces of paper to make it look them think that it's water. There's one, two, three, three kids in the forefront, and two parents. Then there's also several people in the background watching the highwire guy do his thing. The clown in the front All right. We have a nice little nineteen fifties housewife doing dishes in the sink, but she is letting the sink overflow, and it's getting her nice shoes all wet, but she doesn't seem to be too concerned.  While her son and daughter are getting cookies out of the cookie jar, but the son is about ready to fall off the stool. And, the window appears to be open, and it looks like it's a nice day outside. The girl is wearing a dress, along with her mother. The boy is wearing a nice little shorts, reminds me of stuff from leave it to beaver. They live in a tree lined neighborhood, and the houses appear to be, or the lawns appear to be, neatly kept. Trees appear to be fully mature. They don't have a lot of appliances in the kitchen, and, nor do they have a stove.