the sink is overflowing. The woman is looking out the window. The boy is getting a kiki from the candy jar, he's volling off the stool, he's handing his sister one. The cups, the plates are on the counter. There's a path that leads to the back door. A tree in the window. The woman appears to have on high heels. The girl appear to have on loafers. The boy appears to have on boot, and shorts, and polo shirt. The girl seem to have a brow, a blouse with skirt. The mother seems to have a dress on. The mother's dating in the water overflowing from the sink. The kiki tars mar has the work ki tar bal af. The kiki tar's on the second shelf. The, there appears to be three upper cabinets in the kitchen. The, there appears to be two, six doors on the side of the, where the sink is. the clown is out kafait. The bo, little boy, a lady's holding a little girl, has the hand of a little girl pointing at clown. Clown has bald hat. He has bright re, he has a nose is rather large, his hair is, his hair is in, looks like a mesh site. He has a clown foot/filn, he has a tie, he has suspender. The man's working with the lion, the lion is going, moving up her paw on to the direction of the gentleman. Gentleman has a cap on, and he also has black pants and jacket that like a tux. The lion is sitting on a, a spotted holder. It appears that there seventy bars in cluh, in case the lion and the trainer. The cage has a cover. The, there's a woman in the circle, the circle has fi, four stars that appear in a picture. The lady is riding the horse, while she bend, bends her knees and holds her arms above us. There one, two, three, four, five, five, five stretchers, which give me her. The horse is trotting to help the lady. The man is balancing on the i wire. He's wearing a complete black suit.the boy is flying a kite. The dog is chasing the boy. The boy has shorts on, t-shirt. The kite strings appear to be very long. There's a girl making the castle on the beach. There's the sailboat, it's number on the sail is the four seventy. There's an older gentleman trying to fish. There's a call fish, he's on a dock. The bee appears to be on a inlet and stuff. There's a large tree in front of the house. There's a cornrow of the house. There's a small shrubbery in front of the house, a rather large shrubbery. One door, thre/two windows. It appears that the brooms is straight. The man's reading the book without any trues on, he wears sandals, he wear jeans, he has t-shirt, he wears glasses. The woman is pouring a glass of wine, she is, is in take down shorts, and appears to be shoes. There is a jukebox, I want to say playing music. The woman has her hair pulled back in a, a tie and stuff. There's a lunch, a lunch bucket that. That the woman appears to be setting the glass on, as she pours the wine. The bot suits three clothes right now. The boy is wearing t-shoes and sox. The dog has a collar, and he has, I guess identification there's on the collar the, the bevisis. There appear, there appears be a big lake because there's trees behind the sailboat. But