I've never seen that picture, but they look like they are at a lake, or a resort. Now outside having a picnic, and look like there's a bottle of wine she pouring in that glass. And daddy is reading a story. And they have music out there. The dog is having a good time, and the little girl, little sister's having a good time, makin her a sandcastle. And I see that the brother is over there catching fish to have for their supper. Than little brother is flying his kite, and the sailboat is sailing. And it's a beautiful day. And the house, the car that's at the house, is the car they drove to the, I said the resort, resort the first time, but that looks like it's just a house on the lake. And dog needs some water cause his tongue hangin out his mouth. And they have a little music at there by mother. And it's a little warm too cause everybody have on shorts, except for the fisherman. And the United States flag is flying, over the house. And the trees are green. And there's a Christmas tree by the house. And I guess the roads are paved, and the grass is cut and beautiful. And numbers four seventy is a sailboat, and it appears that only two people are on it sailboat. And it appears to be midday or so, because he's reading a book, and he can see outside. So I, it, it it's probably midday, cause the lunch is in the bag, in the basket It's a puna day at the circus. The brother has taken the little sister for a ride, and the clown is giving out candy to the little boy, and he's catching and the little sister is in the mama's hand, and she can’t catch any candy, so the little squirt is gonna give his, his sister some, some candy. And, the one over here with the little boy, with the brother, she wants some candy too. And the circus clown, or something, I don’t know what he is, magician or something, he's over talking to that lion. If you don’t get his hand out of that lion face, that lion go, gonna attack him. And just a joker up there tight rope, he's doin a good job. Everybody's sitting there, one, two, there, four, four and two peoples are sitting on the bench beside him, watching him. And, what said the mermaid, or something is riding the, pony, over there. And in his area, and there should be two X. And this seems to be a warm day because everyone has on short sleeves. And little girl, the mother's holding, she's having a good time at the circus. And the mama gonna have to put her to bed, soon, soon as she get home, but she look like she tired. And that oldest little girl she is, she's not too tired cause she can stand up on her two feet. Her hair is pretty, with those fo, four little bo, bows in there. And I think the baby has one bow in her hair. And the brother little brother is still 
The boy is stealing cookies out of the cookie jar to give to his sister. Up, he's up on a stool, and he's about to fall. And the mama's washing the dishes, and she wasting water all over the floor, and she's not noticing the children. And she's, she's watchin and drying dishes, and if she's not careful, mother is gonna slide down on the floor and she'll be down on the floor with the little boy too, and the girl is the only one that's gonna be standing. And that's all I know about the picture. And mother has on her nice dress and shoes. And look like the little boy has on a pair of socks, and a pair of shoes, and his hair. All of them have combed nicely. She gonna have ta turn that water off, unless she have gonna have a high water bill too. She, there must be a just finishing up supper. What is it? The curtains, them open so she can see out the door. And it is a beautiful scenery out the door. Looks, one thing about it, it's not raining, so it could have already rained and they were in the house. What is that, a body? or is that the dog's? I don't know. Mother looks like she is glad to get rid of that dinner 