the, their family is enjoying a circus. actually two families are, or three in the picture, and many more unseen. There's a clown entertaining, a juggler, and also a lady on a horse, in a ballet, ballerina suit, and there's a trainer in the lion's den that is giving the lion orders. The little girl is pointing her, to her dad, to look at the clown. The little boy that belongs to the opposite family is catching, is trying to catch, some candy that the clown is thrown out. The other people in the crowd, that you can see in the distance, is watching the tight rape,rape worker, that which is a man walk on the tight rope. The mom is holding the little girl, and she is is smiling and having fun too. All people, that you can see their faces, are smiling. And seems that the spectadas, tha as, seem to be enjoy the time. There's the boy's getting cookies out of the cookie jar. The sister is afking for a cookie. The mother is washing dish, dishes. The sink is overflowing. There, the family is in the kitchen, minus the dad. It, it seems to be a beautiful day outside. There's dishes on the counter. The boy, Sam, is, is tr, almost gonna fall off ladder. The mother is wiping the plate dry-al. She needs be careful because there is water on the floor, she may slip down. They are all wearing shoes. Is must be summertime, or fall time, because, I know, it must be string, springtime or summertime because they are wearing short sleeves and a skirt and a sundress and shorts. There is only one cabinet open. There's grass outside the window. The window is halfway opened, all the way open according to The, there is a picnic on the lake going on. Beautiful day. There's a tree, a big tree by the house with a car parked next to, it, the house. There's a American flag. There's a kite being flown the bo, by the boy. A sandcastle being built by the sister. There's also a dog running behind the boy. And it looks like guess a granddad catching a fish on the dock. There's a mom pouring herself something to drink, and listen to the radio beside her quietly, while the daddy reads a book on the quilt with his shoes off. They seem to be all relaxing, and having a good time at the lake. There is also some people out in sailboats. I don’t know whether it’s, they lived here, or if it’s, a vacation home, or place that they are just visiting. There's bucket and a shovel that the sister is using to build the sandcastle