alright we got a little girl eating, wanting a cookie, that her brother's got on a stool, he's falling. it's got three legs, the sink's running over, water on the floor, her wiping or drying the dishes. The window is open, apparently on the bottom, and she is looking out into the back yard, or the front side of the house. you've got three bowls, or two bowls, and a two plates in the picture, you've got a cookie jar with a lid that's leaning against it. There are no shelves or handles, that are seen on the doors. You've got, your, the handles down here on the bottom, that are just pull locks, and not a little knob. You've got two faucets over here, and one large sink, and not a drying or rinsing side. you've got, the picture was probably done back in the late fifties, that sort of era because look at the little mini skirt, that the girls got or either the little thing down, and the pants come up around the ankles, depending on how that is since I can't tell the muscle description. That kid apparently is going to hit the back of his head the way he falls, he's not going to come down on his feet. And what sorta thing about the window and the curtains being drawn back, the tie backs there. You've got apparently either the, the walk around the house, the path, or the sidewalk that might be there. Got a couple of bushes in the yard. And she's wearing high heels at the sink doing dishes, a sleeveless shirt, or a blouse, dress, whatever that is, shes wearing an apronok this is at the lake. house is up on the point there. got a flag pole. have you ever flown a kite, or anything? You got a, it appears maybe to be an oak tree or something there. Got a car pulled in at the garage. Got a, a door that has a window in it for the front entrance. They're having a picnic out here, they've got a, their shoes off, or his sandals off, they're playing a radio. She's pouring a drink for him, looks like a wine bottle. And the dog's chasing the little boy pulling the kite, hopefully to get it up and going. Little girl's making a sandcastle. man's catching a fish there off the dock. You got a four seventy on the sailboat. And the water apparently is calm today. So, no problems there, there are no ants visible at the picnic area. And the driveway is pretty long going into the house. And dog's got his collar, and a fluffy tail, and he's got his dog tag around his neck there. Little boy has to tie his tennis shoes, and wearing socks. He's got buttons on his waist band area. And he's got a good bit of string to let out to get his kite as high as he thinks it will go. And, i don't see any worms, I see a shovel and a bucket, and a girl being barefoot down there, and her hair is in a pony tail as well. Man's wearing a hat, and he doesn't have very good posture on the fishing, and you fish, but the dock is probably out ten foot into the water. And it's probably a four by ok got a high wire, you got a man teaching the lion to do tricks inside the cage. You got a number of people around looking at the different ones in the ring, where the girl is riding on the horse, and standing up, and sitting down, that sort of thing. You got a clown there that has his little jar of things, and he opens it and confetti, or whatever, comes out. And all the kids are wanting to smile and be happy at the circus. You got the guy here with his tools and top hat inside with the lion, and I've never seen a lion sit on his crouch like that, they've always had the four feet. I've seen them when they're like that only if they're looking to attack or defensive. It does not look like it's indoors, it's outdoors here with the grass growing and the trees, and everything in the background. The rope that they are doing is loose, so it's got a sag to it, rather than being pulled taught. Little girls got bows, ribbons, in her hair. Over here this one has it tied up in a little bun, back on the backside there. Little boy is trying to defend himself from the, from the, graffiti stuff, or whatever that comes out. And the womans got what might be stars or leaves on her blouse. And this guy over here apparently is wearing a sweater, or a thing of athletic shorts, or something, where it is pulled in at the waist. And the guys got