ok seem like we're at a, on a lake. There's about one, two, five people, and a dog. There's one couple that's sitting on the lake on a blanket with a picnic basket and a radio. The lady is re, pouring a something out of a bottle. The man is reading a book. There's a car parked in the garage, with a big tree in the front yard. They have a flag pole to the right of the house. There also a man standing on the deck, on the deck of the lake, with the fishing pole, and there's fish on it. And there's a young man playing in the, flying a kite, he has the dog trailing him. And there's a girl to his right, in the sa, building a sand, look like playing in the sand with a, a bucket and a shovel. And then are inst, in the lake, there's a sailboat with two people on it. And the, the little girl, she seem to be building a sandcastle. And the man that's out in the lake fishing, seem like he's happy that he's catching fish. And the dog seem like he's happy running behind the little boy. And the people in the picture, the lady, the man's shoes is to his right. And a, that's about everything I can see in there. Two minutes a long timeok, young boy in the cookie jar, a little girl asking for a cookie. The mother's at the, a female's at the sink, the sink's overflowing, she has a dishcloth in her hand, wrenching trying phing. The mother seem to have an apron on. The little boy dressed in shorts, with a shir shirt, and the little girl is dressed in a shoot dress. The cookie jar is filled with cookies, with the top off it. And the mother's standing at over the sink watching the window with curtains. And showing the yard, the sink is over filling with water. There's some dishes on the counter top. The little boy is climbing in, up on a, a stool, and it seem to be falling over. And the little girl is, the doors are open to the pantry, and the little girl seem to be begging for a cookie. The mother, water is running all over her shoes. They seem to be in the kitchen, doing kitchen work, and the little boy seem to be falling down. That everything I can see and recognize.Seems like they're at a circus. See a a lion in a cage, with a man with a tuxedo on. They have a, a wire running over the thing, and the man is trying to walk the wire with a, a, a bar in his hand. Some people sitting there watching, it's two, four, five people sitting there watching the lungly lady on a horse, in a ring, and she's a, like a little ballerina, or something. And the clown seem like he's throwing, lettng some popcorn, some, something go to the kids that are watching. Seem like it's a lady, and a baby, and another young man watching. And there's, seems like a man and his daughter, a man and a gir to the left of the clown, she's pointing at the clown. The young man with his lady and a baby, he got his hand like he's trying to catch some of the stuff that's coming out of the clown bucket. The clown have on a clown suit with a rubber nose and a little cap on his head, and have a bucket in his hand that he. He has some big old trousers on, with suspenders and a neck tie. And the ballerina, she got a little short dress on with lace around it. And the clown also got a, a plower stickig out his hair. And the man in the cage with the lion, he just seem to be pointing at the lion, and the lion is on his vye, rear feet, with his two paws kinda.