LIME 1038 Picture Description Original	
Circus
the cwon is ?? at the uh bo little boy a lady's holdin a little girl uh ?? has the hand of a little girl pointin at clown ?? bald hat uh bright um he has a nose is rel large his hair is um um his hair is um looks like a ?? he has a clown foot ?? tie he has supener uh the man's ?? the lion the lion is um is goin um ?? on the direction of the gentleman ?? has uh uh uh um  a cap on and um uh he also has um black pans an uh jacket that like uh uh tux the lion is sitting on uh uh spotted ?um um ?? it appears that there are seventy bars in cl in case the lion an the trainer um the cage has a cover um um there's a woman in the circle ?? circle has fi four stars ??? in a picture um the  lady is riding the horse um while ?? um bends her knees an hold arms ?? um there one two three four five five stretcher ?? her um the horse is trotting to help the lady the man is balancing on the i wire he's wearing a complete black suite uh

Cooke Theft
uh ?? the ?? the sink is overflowing um ?? out the window the boy's getting a kiki from the candy jar he's vallen of the stool he's handing his sister one um uh the cups and plates are on the counter um there's a path that leads to the back door um a tree in the window um um the woman appears to have on high heel the girl apear to have on um loafers the boy appears to have on bue and shorts uh pull over shirt the girl seem to have a brow a blouse with uh uh uh skirt um the mother seems to have a dress on the mothers dating in the water overflowing from the sink um uh uh dooo dododo  uh the cookie jars mar has wor okie ell ou uh the ?? jar on the second shelf um the um ?? three upper cabinets um in the kitchen the um um uh there appears to be six doors on the ???  sink is um  

Picnic
um the boy's flying a kite the dog's chase the boy the boy ?? shorts ? t-shirt kite string ??  very long there's a girl make makin a castle on the beach uh uh there's the sailboat ? number ? sail four seventy ther an older gentleman tryin to fi then e aut a fi um he's on a ock um the mea ? appears to be on a inlet ?? there's a large tree in front of the house ? of the house there's a small strawberry? a long  ??? one door uh th two windows uh it appears that the uh uh the brooms is straight the man read a book ??? he wears sandals he wear jeans e as t-shirt he wears glasses um the woman pouring a glass of wine she is un in take down shorts and uh pears to be shoes uh there is a jukebox ? playin music the woman has her hair pulled back in uh uh tie there's uh uh lunch uh uh a lunch bucket that uh uh the woman appears to be sitting ?? as to pour the wine uh the bots seems to be close right now uh the boy is wearing tshoes an sau the do has a collar and uh he has um I guess identification theres on the collar um ?? um there appear there appears be a big lake cause there's uh uh trees behind the sailboat but

