1056

Circus
Circus meets the fair. Everybody hates clowns. And I think that making lions do tricks is torture. It’s abusive and the lion should definitely eat the dude that’s in there with him. And then we go to the circus where the lady is also abusing the horse.  And there’s a trapeze guy keeping his balance with a pole. There looks like there might even be some birds so they possibly might be outside.  And the children with their mother or probably their grandmother cause nobody’s mother has time to take them anywhere. And then there’s possible [*p:w] target = possibley some [*s:uk] a black man with his daughter maybe and then there’s some shadow people over there by the horse. It’s probably there in [*s:uk] silhouette. Horses should not be made to run around in circles. My momma doesn’t like that. The lady on the horse needs more clothes on. There’s mountains possibly so there shouldn’t be sides. Oh the clown is throwing probably candy at the children. The little girl is pointing to the lady on the horse who is a criminal in my opinion. Uh lets see one two three stars around the ring.  And uh what else can I see. Probably some grass around. Little pigtails and bows on the little girl. Isn’t she cute. Clowns wear hats and stripes and vest with flowers on them and red noses and they’re disgusting and nobody

Cookie Theft
I see the mother washing the dishes. The child is stealing the cookies and the other child is receiving the stolen cookies. The sink is over flowing. Somebody has to clean up that mess. Um there’s more dishes to be washed. Wouldn’t hurt to paint the cabinets. I see a tree outside and a sidewalk lots of plants. The daughter might be left handed possibly. Uh moms got a sleeveless dress on apparently an apron.  Maybe chocolate chip cookies I could be projecting [*s:r] target = guessing. There’s some at my house. Um there’s a 90 degree angle from where the cabinet meets the counter right there. Um mom has got short hair. The son has dark hair. I’m assuming the daughter is blonde. Son is wearing tennis shoes, mom is wearing heels, the two children have socks on. 

Picnic
I saw this one yesterday. Nice family vacation. They’ve driven to the vacation. They’ve got they must be in Maine because they got the beach and the trees and the water and the sailboat and the lake in Maine I’m thinking. You can bring your dog on this lake you can fish on this lake, you can be the good mother and pack the picnic with lots of wine while the husband sits there and reads his book like they all do. And you have a flag on the flagpole. I like the trees and bushes and water. No birds in this one.  Yeah that’s a sailboat. And make sand castles. Sit on blankets, fly a kite, chase the kid flying a kite. Listen to some music, like I said read a book, you should read lots and lots of books. Books are good. I still think they’re in Maine that’s where I would choose to go. Little girl build your sand castle then the little boy will run thru it with the dog and the kite which probably might get caught in the tree cause kites get caught in trees and then the dad can climb up the tree and retrieve the kite. And definitely not fall out because then we all know what happens when he falls out of the tree. That’s bad. Probably white wine. White wine is the best. Might be no its not champagne. But it could be champagne and there’s probably chicken and biscuits and potato salad inside the basket and some plates. 

