1058

Circus
Okay so they got there’s people outdoors ya know S-I, alright S-U-D, um he says they’re ready to ya know he thinks this would be a place W-A-T-E-R and uh but it’s a real one its no problem different things they’re talking with each other. Um the different people who are ya watching by them um ya know there’s a uh ya know the L-I-O-T ya know very nice they’re up here working by the gentlemen and uh ya know these people are working around, they’ve got 15 areas and maybe there are six people over there so uh it’s a it’s a good one. Better then the people up doors they they they help each other there because its down there so its very nice. The doors but that’s okay outdoors. So um don’t see this. Uh its working for it. Its okay.

Cookie Theft
There’s 3 of it or just talk about this one. Okay well its at home the momma is the problem is [*s:r] target = in with the area here. This person is girl, is they’re getting one but they’re down too much. Um so its not very good they’re having problems here, and uh wait home it will be helping out here just wash it out. So there’s not much, um well usually this is way up there not down so that’s not good and uh ya know its what it is its all the way ya. Um okay so. Right right. Its okay. Do we have to wait for the next one. Gotcha. Yea. 

Picnic
 Ha here we are. Um So everybody has a G-I-S-10-I-S, they’re all here, then they have the person ya know the friend here. everybody wants to maybe not right now but the B-I-N-T with everybody um this area is working themself to have a good day they ya know he has one of these there but he’s working with it um I don’t like this much but they have the person opening everything ya know terrible his um friend is being outdoors and ya know even though its very nice its uh W-I-N-D-Y ya know they get way up there they actually have here another one in the same area but its very nice. This gentlemen here is working with each other. And he’s got one and he’s up to bring it home and uh so its very nice there. So they have a good day there. Uh so its nice. I guess they have that’s pretty good over there. Working for each other uh that person feels that he knows back.
