1060

Circus
Here we are at the zoo excuse me at the carnival as [*s:r] target = and, recurrent = 2 bozo the clown as the tightrope walker the lady on the horse the spectators and a merry go round the lion tamer and the little girl is watching bozo and little boy is pushing something looks to me like everyone is having a good time. Bozo is flipping [*s:r] target = throwing on something I cant tell what that is looks to me like maybe some pepper pants [*p:w] target = plants and the little girl and the mothers arms she is waiting to get some herself. Looks to me like just a typical circus type setting. I can’t tell weather that’s a big top or nothing. The lion he’s is performing real well for the tamer. You ready for the next type. 

Cookie Theft
Boy this one oh. We got a picture this time okay I see someone with his hand in the cookie jar and someone waiting for a cookie and the mother is washing the dishes and splashing water all over the floor. Stool is about to slip out from beneath the son looks like there’s gonna be a big job cleaning up. Looks like they have a nice set of cabinets very well kept except the water running over the sink. And looks like the little girl is trying to tell her brother to hurry up with those cookies. And he’s got his hand in the cookie jar and handing her one too. Did I mention that stool looks like its about to fall in [*s:r] target = over and he’s about to fall with it. 

Picnic
Gosh its that same scene that we looked at. Looks to me like everybody is at the beach. Don’t understand why the house is in the picture but the son is playing with his kite again. The dog is chasing the sun the mother looks like she is having a glass of wine the father looks like he is reading his favorite book. The radio blasting the sailboat is out on the high sea looks like a couple people having a good time on the sailboat. And the little girl is playing with the sand box the sand dunes. And the father the grandfather is out fishing on the pier. Looks like the couple is getting ready to enjoy a picnic lunch and she brought a set of sandals so she can walk in the in the sand. Now that’s the father now. He looks like the mysterious one. The car is still in the driveway. I suppose someone must  live in it. The flag is flying at full mast. And the daughter is busy building a sand dune, castle. It looks like the fish are biting. I’m not sure who’s gonna wind up that glass of wine but she’s 

